All and Everything must be linked!!!

AFP:
Possibility to add type of service/purchase linked to the Discipline department;SCPR Signature;Discipline Signature;Position;Name.
Like in the spreadsheet, the soft in this part have to test is there are all documents need for the approval. Invoice must have the stamp of the reception(Test1) to confirm that it's coming from the good way; a Purchase Order signed(Test 2). These test is just a responsability of the one that will raise the APF. It's can be just a "check box". Also a Text box to write some comment if necessary. 
When AFP have all approval, it have to be linked to some Payable invoices register. I will really appreciated if the AFP, instead of to be printed and bring to the signatories physically hard copy, AFP can be send in PDF format by default email to each signatory to be signed it electronically (as the PDF now allow electronic signatures). The soft will have a follow up track of signature return (if possible and not too complicated). The email of signatories will be entered by the Administrator User only.
When preparing the AFP, I'd like to have, as shown in the spreadsheet "MyIT", Some test, better than the old ones. 

There are some process(case/situation) when some expenses/invoices don't need to follow the normal process. Thoses expenses/invoices will take almost the normal process till the signature part. When the AFP of the special case arrive on the signature part, is only or the Administrator User or a Key User choosen by the Administrator User to sign it(approv it). Note that this is available only if the process of approuv run by email!!! If not, the Admin User will do that himself.

Account Payable Creator:
In that spreadsheet, there are to objective. 1st is to create wire to be bring (hard copy) to the bank for payment (transfer). the 2nd is to create and letter to be also bring to the bank to take some many for the petty cash replanishment.
This module must be linked with the treasury modul, where the cash flow will decrease automatically.



REPORTING:
TREFLT: "TREASURY FORECAST LONG TERM" must be keeped like that. I have forgot and lost the password that in put in the workbook, so that's why in couldnt change the name of sheet Interco Rev Exp(Overhead) by ICP Other Corporates Rev/Exp. The TREFLT must be by each currency(AOA; USD;EUR)
WEETRE: "Weekly Treasury Report", 



Remember:
The process of looking for AFP signature by email with follow up traking can be forgeted if is too things to do. We must be simple and not complicate 

All and Everything must be linked!!!